In this section, we will learn how to implement
JWT authentication on a Spring Boot application.
Let's take an example of a Spring Boot application
and see how we can implement JWT on it.
In order to get access to the starter code,
I'm going to give you access to this link.
The link to this Git repo is going to be provided to you under the video.
Let's get into cloning this particular repo and look at the starter code in detail.
What you need to focus on is this clone option.
What I'm going to do is I will copy the link to clone this repo or repository.
I'm now going to take the cloned link to my terminal.
For the sake of clarity,
I'm now going to create a new project directory,
and I'm going to cd into the directory,
and I will run git clone command.
What git clone does here is,
it downloads the entire repository to your local.
Now let me show you what I mean by that.
If you run LS on this,
you see the folder is created right here for you.
I'm going to show some
of the details inside this folder here.
I have access to three projects currently,
by the time you finish this course,
or you start this particular course,
you might have more applications.
However, what you need to look at is P04-eCommerce Application,
and I'm going to enter this folder to show you the contents of this folder.
As you see, this is a Maven application,
it has an SRC folder,
and I will now show the contents of the SRC folder with an intelliJ.